# FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS #

## WHAT IS FLEXU? ##

**FLEXU ("FLEXU")** is a new cryptocurrency that is designed to address the issues and concerns of the current generation of cryptocurrencies such as instability, uncertainty, lack of supply and extreme volatility.

**FLEXU** is _trusted, stable, self-governing, available, reliable and interoperable._  

**FLEXU** is cryptocurrency that is designed to ensure longevity and stability, ensuring the ecosystem of FLEXU holders is protected through the following key design aspects:

**Available and Stable** - Consistent token supply; ERC20 and ERC223 standards compliant ensuring future compatability with other blockchain design principles. Continuous ever lasting supply enables liquidity to avoid volatility and scarcity.  
**Trusted self governance** - **FLEXU** cannot be interfered with as the design of the platform is fully automated. **FLEXU** is a stable monetary system auctioned daily by descending price.  
**Enduring** - Long lasting Cyptocurrency that is usable and atractive to payment providers for purchase of goods and services;  
**Reliable** - **FLEXU** is minted daily and available in a descending price auction;  
**Flexible** - **FLEXU** is exchangeable for fiat and ETH currencies;  
**Interoperable** - **FLEXU** is cross-blockchain compatible, meaning it is migrateable from one blockchain to other blockchains. This provides **FLEXU** owners with an option to move to other cryptocurrency networks if desired;  

## WHY IS THE CRYPTOCURRENCY CALLED FLEXU? ##

Since 2012 we have been consulting in the cryptocurrency sector and we chose a name that one day thought we could apply to a new business model or invention.   

In December 2016 we gave birth to the innovative concept of FLEXU a new **flexible** cryptocurrency that would be _trusted, stable, self-governing, available, reliable and interoperable._ designed to last for eternity.

## HOW CAN I USE FLEXU? ##

**FLEXU** is designed to act as a trusted, stable and non-volatile token that can be used by any institution or any community that is seeking a currency which can be used for practical purporses. There will be a number of features that will address design gaps on the Ethereum network. This includes usage as:

1. _Purchase of goods and services_ - the most practical usage of **FLEXU**, where we will partner with payment providers;    
2. _Exchange_ - exchange **FLEXU** for either ETH or fiat currencies;  
3. _Bulk Payments_ - a service to provide bulk payments of **FLEXU** tokens to multiple account holders;  
4. _Transfers_ - a service to allow **FLEXU** holders to transfer tokens between **FLEXU** holders;  
5. _Recurring Payments_ - a service to allow for users to setup recurring payments and other account holders. Recurring payments is a unique feature envisaged to allow for usages such as bill payments or standing orders. The owner would authorize the receiver of **FLEXU** to take an agreed amount on a periodic time basis e.g. monthly rent;  
6. _Increasing store of asset value_ as the asset increases in monetary value this adds further security and trust.

## WHO OWNS AND GOVERNS FLEXU? ##

**FLEXU** will be governed by the platform smart contracts and community users. **FLEXU** team will be on the governing committee continually developing and maintaining the **FLEXU** platform and products. This will ensure stability and avoid drama in terms of technical development strategy.

## WHO HAS AUDITED THE SMART CONTRACT? ##

The smart contract has been indepedently audited by **To be Identified**. 

## WHAT BLOCKCHAINS  ##

**FLEXU** will initially be launched on Ethereum. After launch we will make **FLEXU** interoperable on the Qtum, Rootstock on Bitcoin and Ethereum Classic blockchains. Further blockchains will be added subsequently. As **FLEXU** matures we will seek to allow other blockchains the ability to exchange their cryptocurrency on our network (subject to community agreement).  

# INITITAL COIN OFFERING ##

## HOW WILL FLEXU BE LAUNCHED? ##

We are currently offering **FLEXU** tokens to investors at Pre-ICO stage. These core investment funds are being used to design and build a scaleable **FLEXU** platform. 1,000,000 **FLEXU** is made available to founding investors.

## HOW WILL FOUNDERS AND CORE DELIVERY TEAM OWNERS BE ABLE TO USE THEIR TOKENS? ##

Founders and the the core **FLEXU** delivery team will receive 2,000,000 (20%) tokens. 60% of these tokens will be available for usage at the end of the ICO. The remaining 40% can be used proportionally distributed over the following 12 months. 

All revenue generated by the auction will remain in the **FLEXU** economy. **FLEXU** founders and core delivery team can buy and sell **FLEXU**. Following the launch of the ICO, the **FLEXU** ecosystems is automatically controlled by smart contracts.

Ensuring that the **FLEXU** team retain tokens in the ecosystem, ensures the team is incentivised to continue to delivering further capability and therefore remain active.  

## HOW WILL THE FLEXU TOKEN SALE TAKE PLACE? ##

**FLEXU** will be available through the official public launch at the Initial Coin Offering ("ICO") stage. There will be 10,000,000 initial **FLEXU** token supply. This will be distributed as follows:

1,000,000 (10%) will be retained by founding investors;
2,000,000 (20%) will be retained by founders and the core delivery team;
7,000,000 (70%) will be available at ICO through a price auction.

Please see the whitepapers on our website for further information https://flexu.com/#whitepapers.

## WHAT IS THE FLEXU AUCTION? ##

**FLEXU** will be made available every day using a descending price auction ("DPA"). The auction will start with a ceiling price at 2 ETH for 1 **FLEXU** and the price will decrease every minute by 0.0001 ETH. **FLEXU** uses this technique to ensure fairness, stablity and transparency in pricing to the consumer. The auction continues until the **FLEXU** supply is exhausted or the 24 time period expires. This process is repeated every day. Each day a Daily Auction Placement ("DAP") allocation of **FLEXU** is made available. This is either the value greater of a volume of 3,000 **FLEXU** tokens per day or an annual rate equal to 2% of the outstanding supply per year.  

## WHEN WILL THE FLEXU INITIAL COIN OFFERING AUCTION START? ##

The initial coin offering ("ICO") daily auction is targeted to launch on 30th April 2018. Once started it will last either 30 days or if the **FLEXU** supply is fully purchased before that time period. 

## WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THE INITIAL COIN OFFERING? ##

The first auction will take place the following midnight UTC after the close of the Initial Coin Offering auction.

## IS THERE A LIMIT ON THE NUMBER OF FLEXU TOKENS I CAN BUY DURING THE ICO? ##

There is no limit to minimum or maximum number of tokens that can be purchased at ICO stage.

## IS THERE A LIMIT ON THE NUMBER OF FLEXU TOKENS I CAN BUY AT THE DAILY AUCTION PLACEMENT ("DAP")? ##

There is no minimum limit to the number of tokens that can be purchased that can be purchased. There will be a maximum amount of either 500 ETH per transaction or the USD equivalent if acquired by fiat exchanges.  

## WHO GETS THE REVENUE OF THE FLEXU AUCTIONS? ##

All ETH receipts generated from sale of **FLEXU** at the ICO and future daily auctions go to **FLEXU's** Crypto Asset Contract ("CAC) in the Crypto Asset Exchange Engine Contract which ensures stability through liquidity and price support.

## WHAT ABOUT THE DETAIL? ##

You can learn more about FLEXU on our web site https://flexu.com
We have created the following information tailored to each view (short summary, business and technical):

Summary - https://flexu.com/download/4342/  
Business Whitepaper - https://flexu.com/download/4345/
Technical Whitepaper - https://flexu.com/technicalwhitepaper.pdf 
